my name is alejandro towers saints I am
originating from the michoacan piety in
this time we have a farm in a
farm that is called porcícola the illusion
in the municipality of numarán michoacán
really the relationship with we live has
been good has been a relationship of
approach has been a relationship
speaking commercially of service then
are we really is very
happy with the company because
it really is a small farm it's a
farm of a thousand bellies and immediately
they send us what is really
call it nutrition requires you see and
engineer some engineer to see the
part of the food plant
see the management osberto everything is the
the range of nutrition true
really the advantage was less fat
more performance of channel foot we bring
approximately on this farm a
foot-to-channel performance
talking on foot to cold channel cold channel
no hot channel about 180
point 5% when the same pigs of the
farm with other food gave us a
79 percent of performance bought
actually pigs but they are pigs that
they have different prices that is not the
price of the blackboard this is there as well
payment all I pay if space and is vile
children really is with closed eyes this
I pay the pigs at a better price than
that with the feeding of the
competition and it's true it's not we're
very happy
I recommend it widely
you do the will of their weapons
your tests or I think it's the channel
much better paid for
they really are channels with very good
yields
ah
why